d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.exe.config
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.exe
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.pdb
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\pt\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.SqlServer.Types.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\obj\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\obj\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.Form1.resources
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\obj\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.newEmployee.resources
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\obj\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.Properties.Resources.resources
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\obj\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.Report.resources
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\obj\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\obj\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.exe
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\obj\Debug\SqlServerAndStruct.pdb
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.CrystalReports.Engine.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportSource.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.Shared.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataDefModel.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ClientDoc.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ReportDefModel.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Controllers.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommLayer.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.DataSetConversion.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.Prompting.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.XmlSerialize.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CubeDefModel.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonObjectModel.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.ObjectFactory.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\CrystalDecisions.ReportAppServer.CommonControls.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\stdole.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.ReportViewer.WinForms.resources.dll
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.cache
d:\users\super_puper_admin\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SqlServerAndStruct\SqlServerAndStruct\obj\Debug\RdlCompile.compiled
